"Hey, can I switch my current plan to the family one?"
"Whr do I check the status of my claim turned in last week?"
"Hi, need to understnd if pre-existing conditions are covered."
"What's your best individual health insurance plan for me?"
"How do I add my new-born to my policy?"
"Is there a facility to compare different plans on your site?"
"what's deductible?"
"How long does the approval process take for my claim?"
"Hi there, do you provide dental coverage as well?"
"Do I need to pay for the complete year or are there any installment plans?"
"Hey, I lost my insurance card, How can I get a new one?"
"plz guide me on process to add a beneficiary?"
"Hi, I'm moving to another state. Does my coverage remain the same?"
"What’s the difference between Coinsurance and Copayment?"
"Can I make adjustments to my plan midway?"
"Unable to login to my account. Need account recovery help."
"Can you tell more about the terms and conditions of renewing a policy?"
"Need help! How to report a claim?"
"differences between hmo and ppo pls?"
"Are my prescription drugs covered in the insurance?"
"Is there any waiting period for certain health services?"
"I'm pregnant. Is maternity covered in my current insurance plan?"
"cancellation of polcy, process?"
"Can I use my health insurance immediately after buying?"
"Can I opt for additional riders with my existing policy?"
"What are your office hours? Need to call for a query."
"how much can I save with premium tax credit?"
"what details are needed for claim filing?"
"Do I get a coverage for regular health check-ups under my plan?"
"Wanna know if ambulance services are covered?"
"My plan expires soon. How to renew it?"
"Can I add critical illness coverage to my existing plan?"
"Hey, Do you have anything like lifetime renewability?"
"Can I change my primary care doctor under my current plan?"
"Forgot username. Need help recovering it."
"How to file a complaint against improper service?"
"Can I track my claim status online?"
"can you xplain Catastrophic health insurance plan?"
"What's the procedure to transfer my policy to a different insurer?"
"I'm not happy with my current plan. Can I switch between health insurance plans?"
"Is there any option to get paperless documents?"
"Why has my claim been rejected?"
"How can I get a copy of all my claim history?"
"I don’t understand my policy statement, who can I ask for help?"
"Can I extend the coverage to my spouse under same plan?"
"Can I get a plan which covers out of country medical expenses?"
"not being able to pay online, any alternate options?"
"Any discount available for senior citizens?"
"Where can I find list of network hospitals?"
"Is vision care included in policy?"
